Ref: ATL/LH/26-27/1348
Date: 07.07.2026
To
The BSE Limited,
Listing Department,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai — 400001
Scrip Code: 538713 Scrip ID: ATISHAY
Subject: Intimation under Regulation 30 - Award of Work Order from “Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited,
Bhopal for Supply, Installation and Commissioning of Wi-Fi, Network and comprehensive AMC work at
IIFM, Bhopal, Order Value ₹ 47.06 Lakhs
Dear Sir/Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we
are pleased to inform you that the Company has been awarded a new Work Order from Bharat Sanchar Nigam
Limited, Bhopal. This award reflects the continued confidence of the public sector enterprises in the Company’s
technological capabilities and execution strength.
The scope of the Work Order includes the Supply, Installation and Commissioning of Wi-Fi, Network and
comprehensive AMC work at IIFM, Bhopal.
The total value of the Work Order is ₹ 47.06 Lakhs (Rupees Forty Seven Lakhs and Six Thousand Only),
inclusive of all applicable duties and taxes.
In compliance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI LODR Regulations, the disclosure in the prescribed format is
enclosed herewith as Annexure A.
You are requested to take the above information on record.
Thanking You
For Atishay Limited
Akhilesh Jain
Managing Director
DIN : 00039927
Annexure A
Disclosure required under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015:
Sr. Particulars Response
No.
1 Name of the entity awarding the Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited, Bhopal
order(s)/contract(s);
2 significant terms and conditions of Supply, Installation and Commissioning of Wi-Fi,
order(s)/contract(s) awarded in brief Network and comprehensive AMC work at IIFM, Bhopal
3 whether order(s) / contract(s) have Domestic entity.
been awarded by domestic/international
entity;
4 nature of order(s) / contract(s); Work order for Supply, Installation and Commissioning of
Wi-Fi, Network and comprehensive AMC work at IIFM,
Bhopal
5 whether domestic or international; Domestic.
6 time period by which the One Year from the date of issuing of installation and
order(s)/contract(s) is to be executed commissioning certificate
7 broad consideration or size of the Rs. 47.06 Lakhs (Rupees Forty Seven Lakhs and Six
order(s)/contract(s); Thousand Only), inclusive of all applicable duties and
taxes
8 whether the promoter/ promote group / No
Group companies have any interest in
the entity that the awarded Neither the promoters nor any group companies have any
order(s)/contract(s) If yes nature of interest in the awarding entity.
interest and details thereof;
9 whether the order(s)/contract(s) would No
fall within related party transactions? If
yes, whether the same is done at The order does not fall under related party transactions
“arm’s length as per the information provided.
Thanking You
For Atishay Limited
Akhilesh Jain
Managing Director
DIN : 00039927
