Date: July 07, 2026
To,
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai – 400 001
Subject: Disclosure in terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”). -Receipt of Work Order from west
Central Railway.
Ref: Jayant Infratech Limited (Scrip Code/ISIN: 543544/INE0KR801019)
Dear Sir/Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,
we wish to inform you that Jayant Infratech Limited has received a Letter of Acceptance from West
Central Railway,for execution of Railway Overhead Electrification works.
The scope of work includes Design, supply, erection, testing and commissioning of OHE in Itarsi-Jhujharpur
section, including its power supply arrangement & modification to existing OHE along with associated
general services work in connection with Itarsi-Nagpur 3rd line work.
The total value of the contract is ₹13,31,88,572.19/- (Rupees Thirteen Crore Thirty-One Lakh Eighty-Eight
Thousand Five Hundred Seventy-Two and Nineteen Paise Only). (inclusive of all duties and taxes).
This contract is expected to contribute to the revenue and operational growth of the company. Further,
in adherence to the principles of good corporate governance and in alignment with the Policy on
Materiality of Events and Information, it has been decided to disclose the relevant details voluntarily. This
disclosure is made in line with of SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/123 dated July 13,
2023.
Yours faithfully,
For, Jayant Infratech Limited
Nilesh Jobanputra
Managing Director
DIN: 00188698
Place: Bilaspur
ANNEXURE I
S. N Particulars Details
a) Name of the entity awarding the West Central Railway
order(s)/contract(s)
b) Significant terms and conditions of Design, supply, erection, testing and commissioning of
order(s)/contract(s) awarded, in brief Overhead Equipment (OHE) in the Itarsi–Jhujharpur
section, including power supply arrangements,
modification of the existing OHE system and associated
general electrical services in connection with the Itarsi–
Nagpur 3rd Line Project.
c) Whether order(s) / contract(s) have Domestic
been awarded by domestic/
international entity
d) Nature of order(s)/contract(s) Railway Overhead Electrification (OHE) Works
e) Whether domestic or international Domestic
f) Time period by which the April, 2027.
order(s)/contract(s) is to be 9 (Nine) months from the date of issuance of the Letter
executed; of Acceptance.
g) Broad consideration or size of the INR ₹13,31,88,572.19/-
order(s)/contract(s)
h) Whether promoter /promoter group No Interest
companies have any interest in the
entity that awarded the order(s)
/contract(s)? if yes, nature of interest
and details thereof
i) Whether order(s)/contract(s) would Not a related Party
fall within related party transactions?
If yes whether the same is done at
“arm’s length”
