July 07, 2026
To, To,
Corporate Relations Department Corporate Relations Department
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
2nd Floor, P.J. Towers, Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G-Block,
Dalal Street, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),
Mumbai – 400 001 Mumbai – 400051.
SCRIP CODE: 543288 SYMBOL: DEEPINDS
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulation, 2015- Announcement in respect of Letter of Award received from
Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited
Respected Sir/ Ma’am,
With reference to the subject captioned, we would like to inform you that the Company has received a Letter
of Award for charter hiring services for Natural Gas Compression from Oil and Natural Gas Corporation
Limited at GGS Paliyad of Ahmedabad asset for a period of 5 years. The total estimated value of the said award
is approximately INR 49.10 crores.
Additional Details as required under Regulation 30 of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosures Requirements), Regulations, 2015
1. name of the entity awarding the Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited
order(s)/contract(s);
2. significant terms and conditions of Charter hiring services for Natural Gas
order(s)/contract(s) awarded in brief; Compression from Oil and Natural Gas Corporation
Limited at Paliyad of Ahmedabad asset.
3. whether order(s) / contract(s) have been Domestic Entity
awarded by domestic/ international entity;
4. nature of order(s) / contract(s); As per point no. 2
5. whether domestic or international; Domestic
6. time period by which the order(s)/contract(s) is Five (05) Years
to be executed;
7. broad consideration or size of the The total estimated value of the said award is
order(s)/contract(s); approximately INR 49.10 crores.
8. whether the promoter/ promoter group / group No
companies have any interest in the entity that
awarded the order(s)/contract(s)? If yes, nature
of interest and details thereof;
9. whether the order(s)/contract(s) would fall No
within related party transactions? If yes,
whether the same is done at “arms length”.
* It is to be noted that the above-mentioned award received by the Company is in the ordinary course of business.
You are requested to take the same on your records.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For, Deep Industries Limited
Shilpa Sharma
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
M. No: A34516
