Date: 07th July, 2026
To,
The Manager,
Listing Department,
BSE Limited,
SME Division
P. J Towers, Dalal Street,
Mumbai — 400001
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015
Ref: Scrip Code: - 544189 – SATTRIX INFORMATION SECURITY LIMITED
Dear Sir/Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
("Listing Regulations"), we are pleased to inform you that Sattrix Information Security Limited has secured a
significant order from one of India's leading public sector banking institution.
Also further note that the details required as per SEBI Circular for Corporate Announcement filed under
Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 is enclosed herewith Annexure-A.
Kindly take the above on your records.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Sattrix Information Security Limited,
(Formerly known as Sattrix Information Security Private Limited)
SACHHIN KISHORBHAIGAJJAER
Managing Director
DIN: 06688019
Annexure: A
The details as required under Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 are as under:
SR. No. Particulars Details
India's leading public sector banking
Name of the entity awarding the
1. institution.
order(s)/contract(s)
Managed Security Services for cyber
Significant terms and conditions of
2. security defence center.
order(s)/contract(s) awarded in brief
3. Whether order(s)/ contract(s) have been
Domestic Entity
awarded by domestic/international entity;
4. Nature of order(s) / contract(s) Managed Security Services for cyber
security defence center.
5. Whether domestic or international Domestic
6. Time period by which the order(s)/contract(s)
Total duration of three years.
is to be executed
7. Broad consideration or size of the Size of Contract – 9,30,00,000.00
order(s)/contract(s)
8. Whether the promoter/ promoter group /
group companies have any interest in the
entity that awarded the order(s)/contract(s)? Nil
If yes, nature of interest and details thereof
9.
Whether the order(s)/contract(s) would fall
within related party transactions? If yes, No
whether the same is done at “arm’s length”.
